Blog Post: Let a Thousand Flowers Bloom (#420)
OpenSats/website: data/blog/let-a-thousand-flowers-bloom.mdx

---
title: "Let a Thousand Flowers Bloom"
date: '2025-03-13'
tags: ['OpenSats', 'grants', 'bitcoin', 'nostr', 'wave']
draft: false
authors: ['dergigi']
images: ['/static/images/blog/72-let-a-thousand-flowers-bloom.jpg']
summary: "OpenSats fosters a global network of nonprofits supporting open-source Bitcoin and nostr development."
---

> From the beginning, the [OpenSats mission](/mission) was to provide a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the beginning, the [OpenSats mission](/mission) has been to provide a
```
